This repo contains some cdi projects I created to show an issue with cdi and specifically interceptors
where the 'new style' interceptor is used (Annotation with @InterceptorBinding)

This is what I'm doing:

There is a plain servlet and a REST resource class. I can call these with /test resp. /rest
What it returns is OK plus a '1' and/or '2'. The '1' is added by TestInterceptor, the '2' by TestInterceptor2.
So this way you can simply check if the interceptors work without having to look in the log file.

The Logic class is injected onto the servlet (and also the resource) which has two methods which will be called.
The first method doit() is supposed to be intercepted by the 'new style' interceptor.
The second method doit2() is supposed to be intercepted by the 'old style' interceptor.
The interceptors add a '1' resp. '2' to the message on a request scoped Context class which is injected onto the interceptors.
The message from the Context class is appended to 'OK' and returned to the caller.

You can find the code for this in the project.

	cdi-interceptor-test		

This project contains all classes and will build a war.

Deploying the war in glassfish and calling the servlet and resource works fine. No problems here.

But now I split up things into different projects.

superpom			This is the parent for all cdi projects. Contains some basic setup required to build the projects.
cdi-base-test			Only contains the Context class which has a String message which is populated by the interceptors
cdi-extension-test		An attempt to get more information by using the extension mechanism. Not really related.
cdi-interceptor-new-test	This contains the 'new style' interceptor
cdi-interceptor-old-test	This contains the 'old style' interceptor
cdi-test			This is the main project which is build as a war to be deployed to glassfish
cdi-test-ear			This is an ear which contains cdi-test which can be used to deploy. An attempt to fix the problem (no luck)
rebuild.sh			A script to rebuild all projects

The problem I'm seeing now is that after deploying cdi-test, the 'old style' interceptor always works oke, but the 'new style' interceptor
doesn't. If it doesn't work, it will not ever work. After redeploying and testing, sometimes it works. If it works, then it keeps working
so something goes wrong at deployment time. Success is intermittent. Pretty weird in my opinion.


